[Autogenerated] Okay, Welcome back.
Now we just got done exploring the explore capability here,
and let's dive into Ops Center.
So under the same operations management,
we have ops center here, and Op Center is going to allow us a central location.
Where are different?
Engineers can come in and resolve or different items.
So using Explorer, which we looked at in partnership with Ops Center,
we can start resolving items.
Now.
We don't have any that are open or in progress,
because I have literally one instance running.
So there's not a lot of opportunity for ops related items,
but you can see they have a nice little dashboard for a quick viewing.
We have our status summary.
So what we have open and in progress.
We have sources with the most open items,
and then we have a ops item list by source and age,
and you can see they have 0 30 days, 31 in 90 days and then greater than 90.
So if we had some items in here,
we would see them in order and start being able to resolve them as needed.
Now you can also see weaken view resolved ones.
So if we resolve them.
They go to this resolved view,
and these issues in here are going to be things like
security issues from security hub,
maybe some type of Degra gated performance for your
volumes on your E c two instances,
or maybe even an alert where some of your E C two instances
shut down and you don't want them to, like,
maybe, say, a domain controller that needs to be up at all times.
If it shuts down,
you can have an ops item for that that could be acted on within Ops Center.
So this is a very powerful tool to use in conjunction with Explorer.
Now, if we open up ops items here, this is where we can create a new ops item.
So let's go ahead and click this and let's check this out so we give it a title.
I'll just call this test.
We give it a source.
So information about the item origin so I'll just go ahead and do test source.
We can specify a priority here, and by specifying part authorities,
it allows us to quickly identify higher priority ops items,
then lower ones.
We can specify a severity here, so critical toe low, we can define a category.
So what does this fall under cost security, etcetera.
We give a description.
We can do a D duplication string which essentially allows us to avoid
creating duplicate ops items within our systems manager account.
So what happens is systems manager will check within ops
Center when you're creating a new ops item,
and it will see if this de dupe string already exists when
you're defining a another one and if it does,
it won't create it.
And then the last thing we have here is notifications,
so we can publish notifications to a subscription
whenever these ops items come into play.
Now,
what we would do is we would add a related resource here so I can scroll down
here and you can see there are several different resource is.
So if I just do instance I don't have an i d.
But we could enter our instance I d.
And then add that to this ops item and then create it.
And once that's created,
it will allow us to monitor and act on those items
whenever issues come up that need resolution.
So that would go ahead and do it well in this.
Op centers talk here, and then in the next clip,
we're going to discuss cloudwatch dashboards and trusted advisor in personal Health Dashboard.